INTEL:
* Get the overpopulation rioting pattern correct in the SoTParser
* Save slots from unformatted kd page

DOCS:
* What's new in 3.0?
* Scripting
* Plugins
* Templates
* WADL + xsd + docs for web API
* Complete command list + what is command definitions?
* Package the bot with default aliases

CLEANUP:
Replace strings that are used in many places with constants
make classes final
add the JSR-305 annotations where appropriate, and also maybe some package level javadoc

LIB UPDATES:
Update to Jersey 2.x
Update to Log4J 2.x
Update Vaadin to 7.x or replace UI with GWT or something else

GOOD TO HAVE:
enable/disable different managers, like stopping the aidmanager from listening to aid sent events etc.
Unfortunately, because your enemy expected defeat, they torched x acres and made them uninhabitable.
Don't allow all access levels to be overwritten since they could cause some commands to stop working
Barren Land and Unknown building types should be impossible to remove
A better scheme for Private Messages, so that they don't get removed for the sender just because the recipient deletes etc.

FUTURE:
Params parsing support for scripts
Early indications show that our operation was a success and we have 75% confidence in the information retrieved.
Allow a bonus that affects building bonuses
connect an order to a forum thread so that it can be explained in detail
add a target and have the bot fill in hitters automatically
allow scripts to listen for callbacks to timers they created themselves
add actions to the tray icon to open the properties file for editing
integrate with GTalk to allow people to send messages to IRC
Request system (request intel, spells, ops etc.)
!meter command that checks summary to find out hostility
!endwar or something similar that removes all army and spells/op  timers as the war ends
Save stuff like "largest hit", "most peasants killed with fireball" etc. and announce them when ppl paste stuff
Add a command for showing aliases
Template more stuff, like event listeners (infil etc.)
Overpop info calculator (7% of peasants leave, 20% of the overpop > 115% max pop leaves from army home. Solds may cover for other groups)
Pick up target for an op if it's posted in the channel after the op message
Specify in the !find command which fields to print (allow more than one)
Consider an editbuild command or something
Notifications for spells running out
Android app
Ditch the command type approach and go with tags instead
Consider bindings on order categories